fix(doc): add translation docs link (#636)
GetStream/stream-chat-flutter: docusaurus/docs/Flutter/guides/adding_localization.mdx

What this package allows you to do is to provide localized strings for the Stream chat widgets. For example, depending on the application locale, the Stream Chat widgets will display the appropriate language. The locale will be set automatically, based on system preferences, or you could set it programmatically in your app. The package supports several different languages, with more to be added. The package allows you to override any supported language or add a new language that isn't supported.

:::note

> If you want to translate your messages (or even enable automatic translation), make sure to check [the dedicated documentation](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/flutter-dart/translation/?language=dart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to translate messages, or enable automatic translation, please see the [Translation documentation](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/flutter-dart/translation/?language=dart).
```
